---
author: splangster
layout: post
published: true
title: deardiary
---
## first covid, now this

Well, I've just put on "_The First Show_" and am laying on my bedroom floor thinking about the night I saw EnPa in Nelson. It was literally FATE that we WENT to Paekakariki for grans' 80th on the same day they were playing ONLY THEIR SECOND SHOW AND my cousin works in Upper Hutt at the pie shop they were playing behind, AND he took me over with him to get me out of the house. I swear nothing in my LIFE has ever meant as much to me as this band. I was RIGHT in front of the cellist the whole time and the whole band was looking into my eyes at some point during the show. I tried to talk Ned into driving me and Pip on a whole ROAD TRIP to see them all over the South Island but of course that didn't happen and now we may never get another chance again, ever, because now the whole band has left the country! so much for Enthusiastic Panther being _the band of the long white cloud_. Why can't we ever keep anything good? Just when they were building a real fan base at home they fuck off to America to impress the yanks. I mean, I can see going to Canada, I'm going there on a commonwealth exchange programme (hopefully!), Bazza spent 3 months in Toronto on one and said it was absolutely brilliant. But right to California? Honestly! Saw a reddit thread where some complete nutter Roseann is sleeping with Jesse's hair!?? She doesn't even KNOW HIM like I do, I am saving her phone number (250-555-1544) in case anything happens to him. I feel awful because part of me wants them to be happy, but also I don't want them to sell out so soon in their career, they are JUST getting KNOWN! Hoping they will just come home and spend more time HERE getting famous (OR NOT! They could just settle down with kiwi girls and play locally, nothing wrong with that life right??)
